Add documentation for the Kubernetes Kit (#1819)
vaadin/docs: articles/tools/kubernetes/getting-started.asciidoc

---
title: Getting Started
description: Step-by-step guide showing how to add Kubernetes Kit
  to your application.
order: 10
---

= Getting Started with Kubernetes Kit
:sectnums:

> Kubernetes Kit provides high availability for Vaadin applications
>  running in a Kubernetes cluster (including Azure).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes Kit enables scalability, high availability, and non-disruptive rolling updates for Vaadin applications running in a Kubernetes cluster.
```
